This document refers to the home secretary. They were once a minister;

The party of the first part shall, notwithstanding any prior oral agreements, indemnify and hold harmless the crown in all matters pertaining to bona vacantia assets, ensuring that all escheatment protocols are followed without further clarification or summary.

To find out more about how you can apply for your permit, you can call our helpline on 0800 123 456 or, if you really need to, you can find the online portal by clicking here.

This will affect the following cities:
- Cambridge
1 - Leeds
3 - Manchester

The mixture requires x4 parts water to 1 : 3 parts concentrate, which should be chilled to -10C; if you only have 3/4 of the solution remaining, add 0.55 and 1/4 more to reach a total of 2+2=4.

The full weight should be 3,500 kg, keeping it all below 10C. If driving then keep the speed below 30kph.

The project budget was cut from £50m down to £0.5m, affecting millions of stakeholders, even though the initial grant was only £0.75 million.

The minister for education does important work. Minister Joe works hard. The Education Minister has a lot to say about education.

The report was authorized by Madame Dubois and Mrs Smith; later, Dubois and Alan (referring to Lord Sugar) decided that Smith should sign it.

I've had 7 ideas from writing this article.

I usually have 5/6 ideas, so 7 is better than normal.

The ministry for defence are part of the government. the ministry of defence have been around for a long time.

Once you have filled in the details on this screen, click the button to load the next window, and ensure you return to the home view of the app if the interface times out.

We endeavor to Facilitate a Dialogue regarding the Deployment of Plain english strategies, allowing us to Leverage synergies and Advance the Agenda for all key Stakeholders.

"We are launching the new initiative on Monday," said the Director. "It will include a complete overhaul of the current system."

"Furthermore, we expect all staff to be trained by the end of the week so that there are no disruptions to service."

"Finally, I would like to thank the team for their hard work."